Docs - Organize wiki , edit text and add meta tags (#365)
iotaledger/integration-services: documentation/docs/examples/search-channel-and-validate-data.md

---
image: /img/integration-services/logo/integration_services.png
description: The example-7 script creates 2 identities, and later uses them to demonstrate how you can detect if data has been tampered with by validating using the Tangle. 
keywords:
- channels
- authorize channel
- subscribe channel
- read channel
- validate channel data
---

# Search Channel and Validate Data

The [example-7](https://github.com/iotaledger/integration-services/blob/develop/clients/node/examples/5-SearchChannelAndValidateData.ts)
script is similar to previous example ([Authorize Channel](authorize-to-channel)) that creates a channel as `Owner` and authorizes a `User` to write on it but:

> 1. `Owner` send some data on the channel.
> 2. `User` receive data and *modifies it*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `Owner` sends some data on the channel.
2. `User` receives data and *modifies it*.
```
